Generate a survey paper for my major project for computer engineering i.e, Online Voting System Using Blockchain. I want to build a android app. In that i want to put best & perfect classification of all elections, parties, candidates, voters, regions, & so. Also i want to show the output/ results in various formats like a simple list (who won, no. of votes, & so..,) Same in graphical format in various ways, & so.. Also i want to keep some other secondary functionalities along with primary one that is voting. All votes will be stored in blockchain. Secondary database may be firebase or mongodb will be used to store other metadata,  profiles of all, other information, & so.. So i want to keep less load on actual blockchain so speed of all transactions will be increased because India is at top in population so such huge amount of voters are here.. Also i want to keep multifactor authentication in the app for voting purpose only. All activities & suspecious things will be analysed through the backend. I want to cover all edge cases so that this app will be used in actual real life for ellection in india & outside as well, it will very proud thing. And one of main thing is all exisiting process of ellections required lakhs of man power from lower to higher authorities, tremendous efforts, wastage of time, extreme cost, lots of machinaries & alot; these all things can be simply replaced by the single mobile app. So due to this lots of money will be saved and it will be used for mankind, all lower to higher level person's time will be saved so they can do their work,jobs,duties, & so. metals & all other things will be saved because no need will be there to make machinaries for evm machines & others. Also the process of all elections will be short but remained same & will do a very positive & powerful impact on our nation, people, sytems, ecosystems, & what not. Also after the election & their results will be cleared or destroyed after keep all logs & conclusion & records/ information like how much vote, how much er region , per pary, per candidate, & alot ; the actual stored vote stored on blockchain canbe deleted/destroyed because  it will not useful by anychance in future or afterwards. So due to this we will get storage again & it can be used  like same way in afterwards for future ellections. Also by storing all vote on blockchain can be risky  because aby any chance  if any one get access or data. Such kind of app i want to build. All can citizens but not present at the time of election in their region & are out of station can vote even here via my app